Create CONTRIBUTING.md (#1)
cloud-barista/cm-ant: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing Guide

> Welcome to CB-Spider! We're absolutely thrilled to have you here. If you're interested in contributing to this repository and becoming a part of our wonderful community, we encourage you to take a look at our incredibly helpful [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/cloud-barista/docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to cm-ant! We're absolutely thrilled to have you here. 
If you're interested in contributing to this repository and becoming a part of our wonderful community, 
we encourage you to take a look at our incredibly helpful [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/cloud-barista/docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
